{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 This version generates the textons maps properly. K is 50, sup = 11. Laplacian is normalized,\
No gaussian filter, 90 degree rotation works, BORDER_REPLICATE. Orientations 0, 30, 60, 90, 120, 150. Corrected the error where reordering for even filters had a different sign, which was wrong. All earlier versions didn\'92t have this change. \
\
Has 64 features  - mean RGB, mean HSV RGB, texton histogram, hue, saturation histogram with bin sizes 5, 3 respectively. (total 64 features)\
\
Ground plane detection + texton map generation\
\
Read libsvm output and paint the super pixels red in case of positive examples\
Trying to put libsvm code into this\
\
./svm_run_script.sh is the bash script written to integrate libsvm into BOW_Slic. \
Note:\
In case of training\
1. comment out the code rm features.txt \
2. comment out mv commands following the above line\
check for the label value (depending on positive or negative to -1 or 1) while writing to features.txt because that file gets appended in each iteration. \
3. don\'92t forget to \'91make\'92 it before you run the script\
\
This version is where I am trying to make texton map generation faster - using pthreads. Integrating into the future versions. \
\
\
Manually train SVM: Note the features and the model file (look for full and half features)\
In case of testing\
uncomment the above code\
1. clear up svm_colorized_images and texton_map_images folders to save the new images. \
2. check for the testing model in test_bow_slic.cpp file in the system() call.\
\
==============================================================\
\
Edge detection on the images to classify super pixels before running svm \
\
}